# Gaussian-Predictive-Model-For-Lead-Prioritization
Gaussian Process classification and Regression used for Lead Prioritization of the Company.

Lead Conversion is one of the primary goal of any company,and for this many firms have well settled Relation Management teams, that handles the newly signup clients and make them initiate some kind of Know Your Customer(KYC) process, so that customer can become an authentic client of that company, but it is not that easy as it seems, as in real life scenario there were lots of users who just for the sake of curiosity visit's company platform and does not have any interest with the service, and if Realtion Managers hovers around that users, so there is a chance that some genuin customers who are willing to get indulge with the company's service get left over and feels that company is too slow in their process. So there is a need for some automated Machine learning Algorithm that filter the potential customers based on their likelihood of getting conversion into KYC customer.

Therefor one Gaussian Process Regression Model was trained to predict the scores for the newly signup customers, based on their activities on the company platform, higher score means higher chance of getting conversion. The Model was trained with equal proportion of already KYC approved User and KYC not approved users(Draft Stage Users), So that model can learn the features and pre KYC behaviour of the users of both the category and when newly signup user's data is feed into the model, it can generate some score based on their activities, and than raking of the users can be done.

Gaussian Process Model was used beacuse in addition with predicted mean it also give sus the standard deviation around the mean value, so we can use both mean and standarad deviation for computation of one strong score considering volatility factor. Gaussina Process Training is comperatively faster than SVM and it also fits well on non linear data.

First, the Gaussian Process Classification Model was trained and tested, so that performance of the model can be estimated, and after the successful validation of model's efficiency, Gaussian Process Regression model was trained to generate the scores for the users.
